@title Lynx Toolkit Document model
@description Example file
@keywords document model, wiki, syntax, example
@syntax owiki

Lynx Toolkit Document model
===========================

Introduction
------------
### Objective
- Simple
- Easy to parse and format
The current model is influenced by HTML and FlowDocument.

### Supported parsers
- OWiki
- Markdown*
- Creole*
- XHtml*
- Confluence**
- Codeplex**

\* Not complete

### Supported formatters
- OWiki
- Markdown
- Creole
- Confluence
- Codeplex wiki
- XHtml
- FlowDocument
- OpenXML (Word)

### OWiki syntax

Influenced by Markdown and Creole. The syntax is stricter and should be easier to parse.

Examples
--------
### Headers
Using Markdown syntax.

### Paragraphs
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam
nonummy nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat
volutpat.

Ut wisi enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exerci tation ullamcorper
suscipit lobortis nisl ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

### Line breaks
Insert line breaks by adding two spaces at the end of the line.  
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet,  
consectetuer adipiscing elit,  
sed diam nonummy

### Horizontal ruler
- - -   

### Emphasized (italic) text
Lorem *ipsum* dolor sit amet

### Strong (bold) text
Lorem **ipsum** dolor sit amet

### Links
[http://www.google.com]  
[http://www.google.com|google]  
[http://www.google.com|google|search with google]

### #name1 Anchors
Anchor defined #name2 in text
[#name1|Go to anchor]

### Images
{image.png}  
{image.png|alternative text}  
{image.png|alternative text|http://www.google.com}

### Unordered List
- consectetuer adipiscing elit
- sed diam nonummy
- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam
  nonummy nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat
  volutpat.
- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet,  
  consectetuer adipiscing elit,  
  sed diam nonummy

### Ordered list
1. First
2. Second
3. Third

### Definition list
; term : description
; second term : more descriptions

### Table
|| header1 ||  header2  ||  header 3 |
| cell 1a  |   cell 2a  |    cell 3a |
| cell 1b  |   cell 2b  |    cell 3b |

### Quote
> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam nonummy
> nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat volutpat.
>
> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet,  
> consectetuer adipiscing elit,  
> sed diam nonummy

### Code
```cs
code line 1
code line 2
```

Lorem `ipsum` dolor sit amet

### Special characters
(C)/(c) Copyright  
(R)/(r) Registered trademark  
(TM)/(tm) Trademark  
3>2 Greater than  
2<3 Less than  
& is not Ampère's and  
... Ellipsis  
<-> -> <- Arrows  
<=> => <= Double arrows  
1024x768 or 1024 x 768  
Long dashes: -- ---

### Smileys
:) :( :P :D ;)

### Symbols
(*) (i) (/) (x) (!) (+) (-) (?) (_) (y) (n) (on) (off) (h)

### Escaped characters
\*Not emphasized\*  
\*\*Not bold\*\*  
\[Not link|not link]  
\- - -  
\### Not a header  
\- Not a list  
\1. Not a ordered list  
\||Not a table|  
\|Not a cell|  

### Syntax links
- [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightweight_markup_language]
- [http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown]
- [http://github.github.com/github-flavored-markdown]
- [https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BITBUCKET/Using+Wiki+Markup]
- [http://codeplex.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=CodePlex%20Wiki%20Markup%20Guide]
- [http://wikicreole.org]
- [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creole_%28markup%29]
- [http://code.google.com/p/support/wiki/WikiSyntax]
- [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Help:Contents]
- [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Cheatsheet]
- [https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DOC/Confluence+Wiki+Markup]
- [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Textile_(markup_language)]